What's up, guys? My name is Phil Forte.
I'm super excited
to be a part of the Spacemesh movement.
The vision behind the protocol
is unlike anything else
in the blockchain industry,
and it really aligns well
with my original reason
for joining the blockchain space,
which is returning self-sovereign rights
back to individuals
and prioritizing privacy
in a time in which we don't seem to get
either of those things.
Aspects of the protocol,
some of the things
like Proof of Space Time
and Spacemesh's race-free nature
really ensure this moving forward.
really excited to see
what's in store for the protocol
and really excited to be
a part of the community moving forward.